you wouldn't think the cafeteria would
be a scary place but last year someone
like peanut butter on me
it happens me on the school bus so I
decided swap they're loud makes me not
want to go to school the time
[Music]
there are 5.9 million kids in the u.s.
living with food allergies nearly 40
percent have suffered severe or
life-threatening reaction because of
them school is supposed to feel safe but
sometimes I don't feel that way would
you believe that one third of all kids
with food allergies are bullied because
of them I told him to stop I don't
understand they just want to hurt me
right now we're working on a cure for
food allergies they tried to make me eat
it but it's like they don't get it until
then there is a cure for food allergy
bullying you go to food allergy org to
teach your kid about the seriousness of
food allergies you could help save a
life or help someone have a better one
so not at school I can't get bullied
food allergy bullying it's not a joke
[Music]